welcome to bright side u you've got one
more final before break
all riddles jot down your answers and
we'll see what your score means at the
end of the video
the university president's looking
nervous he gets to his office and opens
the door
it's the end of the semester and all the
students are about to take their finals
except intro to geography the teacher
had to postpone that final for some
reason
when he sits at his desk he discovers
that someone's been rummaging through
his papers
they've stolen the physics final how did
they get in
if the door and windows were closed i'll
give you seven
seconds for this one
that ventilation panel above the
president's desk it's been moved
someone crawled all the way through
there impressive
but who did it to answer that you need
to solve a bunch of other riddles first
then maybe you'll figure out the mystery
at the end of the video
the president leaves his office and
walks down the hall there's a loud crack
and the power goes out all over the
building someone must have flipped all
the fuses
he heads down to the break room to see
what's up i mean
he's the president after all yep
someone's been messing around down here
there's three suspects in the room the
cleaner says somebody turned off the
generator when he came in to clean
rachel's a new transfer student she says
she totally got lost and ended up in
here by accident
simon's a junior he has his phone in his
hand
says he was playing one of those video
games where you have to find stuff
which one of them shut off the power
your seven seconds starts now
it was rachel it's the end of the
semester she wouldn't have transferred
right before finals
but why did she do it maybe she wanted
to disrupt the physics final
he turns the power back on oh hungry
probably a good time to grab a quick
snack when he gets to the cafeteria
there's a new problem waiting for him
someone emptied the whole bag of sugar
into a huge pot of soup
which student was it you have seven
seconds
all the suspects have bowls of soup in
front of them but one of them
doesn't have a spoon just a fork he was
never going to eat the soup
he knew it would taste disgusting just
as the president finishes up his
sandwich he gets a text
it's from a professor he needs help in
his office asap
in the office are three students
standing around and looking guilty
the professor claims one of them
graffitied the painting on his wall
which one did it you've got seven
seconds to figure it out
it's that one she's covering her hands
there's probably some paint on her
fingers that she's trying to hide from
you
next stop the infamous physics exam the
president heads over to the exam room
everything's quiet in there looks okay
all the students have their heads down
staring at their papers but someone's
cheating
the president can sense it somehow help
him find the sneaky student
seven seconds to scan the room
it's the guy with his legs crossed
clever he wrote the answers
on his calf muscle but where did he even
get those answers
after a brief shakedown he spills the
beans
he got them from a friend that hassle's
over
time for a coffee and a snack a big one
but just then a piercing beep smashes
through the silence
the fire alarm oh come on students file
out of their classrooms
and the entire university has to be
evacuated
the students are standing outside
looking at the building
no fire no smoke even
the president gets a text from the alarm
company the alarm was triggered by a
person
not a smoke detector the president looks
around
time to round up the usual four suspects
matt says he was in the bathroom when
the alarm came on
julia was taking the geography final
clark and lex were studying strange
green meteorites together in the science
lab
which one of them is lying you have
seven seconds starting
now
it was julia the geography teacher
postponed the final
remember why would she lie unless she
had something to hide
today's not really his day someone cut
down a tree right in the middle of the
quad the caretaker saw
four students hanging out under the tree
this morning and now
it's gone time to interview the suspects
emily says she's been in the library all
day loads of people saw her
sam claims he was in the cafeteria
having some soup
lewis was in the physics final and
michael says he's been hitting the
weights all day
trying to get buff for the beach who cut
down the tree
your seven seconds starts now
it was obviously sam he said he was
having some soup
but remember if he had really been in
the cafeteria
he would have mentioned the whole sugar
thing plus the president was in there
and didn't see him he's lying
on to the biology final they've got a
new teacher who's giving a unique type
of final
the president sneaks in the back of the
room the teacher explains that she gave
her students ficus seeds at the
beginning of the semester
whoever has the most beautiful ficus
plant will get the highest grade
it's time to present the results the
students start to file into the
classroom
half of them are holding pots with
beautiful green ficus trees
the other half have pots filled with
plain old earth no leaves no nothing
the teacher says the students with empty
pots all get an a
why did the teacher do that solve this
mystery in seven seconds
go
at the beginning of the semester she
gave everyone fake ficus seeds
the students who showed up with full
blooming plants must have bought a
full-grown plant and stuck it in the pot
busted last final of the day
philosophy the young teacher is in there
waiting for all the students to take
their seats
after that he puts a bust of an ancient
greek philosopher on the table
the teacher says write a short essay on
the following topic
why this bust doesn't exist the student
with the most convincing argument
gets an a while everyone else gets a c
tough teacher after an hour the students
hand in their papers
most of them filled up the front and
back but one student
only wrote two words and she got the a
what did she write i'll give you seven
seconds to figure it out
she wrote what bust the president heads
outside again
this time for the parking lot what
someone took the tire right off of his
car
how's he gonna get home he still has a
spare tire in his trunk
but the thieves took the bolts too all
four of them
what can he do you have seven seconds to
come up with a plan
he needs to unscrew one bolt from each
of the other three tires
and attach them to the spare each tire
now has
three bolts that'll be enough to get to
the nearest service station
what an intense day the president's
ready to kick back for a few
but he gets another urgent text there's
broken glass
all over the quad someone broke a window
up there
the only three people around are a cook
a gardener
and a student the cook says he's been
boiling up a new soup for the last hour
since someone put sugar in the last one
the gardener admits he was up in a tree
cutting branches
he saw a student break the glass the
student says
he was studying in the library i'll give
you seven seconds to figure out who's
lying
[Music]
the gardener's line how could he have
been up in the tree
it had already been stolen he broke the
glass
probably just by accident the day's
finally over
the president heads over for the best
tradition on campus
the post finals party it's in the
basketball arena
there are lights decorations and even a
dj
everyone's dressed up looking relieved
finals are over
the party goes all night but around 4 am
someone accidentally slams the doors too
hard
and it triggers the automatic locks
everyone's trapped
the president can be the hero of the
party he just needs to find a way out
grab the spare keys from his office and
open the door from the outside
but how one of the students eric says he
knows how to get out of the gym through
a vent
the president looks at him and his face
goes red with anger
why last riddle seven seconds you can do
it
eric just gave himself away he's
obviously been in the ventilation shafts
before
so it was probably him who stole the
physics final
how did you do count up your correct
answers and let's see how you fared on
your final exam
zero to three points looks like you'll
need to sign up for some classes over
break
keep watching riddle videos you'll get
better in no time
four to seven points solid b plus but
i'm sure you can do better next time
eight to twelve points you nailed that
final leave your books in your locker
and enjoy your well-deserved vacation